Update "Messaging Gateway" Doc (#755)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-endpoints/messaging-gateway.md

## Sample scenario

This sample scenario demonstrates creating a proxy service with a publishWSDL element. The published WSDL's methods act as the Message Gateway, hiding details of the actual backend service, and exposing only domain-specific methods to the client application.

> Proxy services in WSO2 MI act as Messaging Gateways, abstracting the details of the actual backend services from implementing clients. For a more complex example of how WSO2 MI can act as a Messaging Gateway, refer to the Health Care Scenario, where a single Proxy Service acts as a Messaging Gateway between several backend services.

Reviewer: Shall we link the documentation to the `Health Care Scenario`?

            <respond/>
            </inSequence>
            <faultSequence>
            <log category="INFO" level="full">
                <property name="MESSAGE" value="Executing default &amp;#34;fault&amp;#34; sequence"/>
                <property name="ERROR_CODE" expression="get-property('ERROR_CODE')"/>
                <property name="ERROR_MESSAGE" expression="get-property('ERROR_MESSAGE')"/>
            </log>
            <drop/>
            </faultSequence>
        </target>
        <publishWSDL key="gov:sample_proxy_3.wsdl" preservePolicy="true">
        </publishWSDL>
    </proxy>
    ```
=== "Endpoint"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <endpoint name="SimpleStockEp" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <address uri="http://localhost:9000/services/SimpleStockQuoteService">
            <suspendOnFailure>
                <initialDuration>-1</initialDuration>
                <progressionFactor>1</progressionFactor>
            </suspendOnFailure>
            <markForSuspension>
                <retriesBeforeSuspension>0</retriesBeforeSuspension>
            </markForSuspension>
        </address>
    </endpoint>
    ```

> Download the [sample_proxy_3.wsdl]({{base_path}}/assets/attachments/wsdl/sample_proxy_3.wsdl) file and add it as a Registry Resource. For instructions on how to create a Registry Resource, please refer to the [Create a Registry Resource]({{base_path}}/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-registry-resources/) Documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the [sample_proxy_3.wsdl]({{base_path}}/assets/attachments/wsdl/sample_proxy_3.wsdl) file and add it as a Registry Resource. For instructions on how to create a Registry Resource, refer to the [Create a Registry Resource]({{base_path}}/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-registry-resources/) documentation.
```

> Download the [sample_proxy_3.wsdl](https://wso2docs.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/48791773/sample_proxy_3.wsdl?version=1&modificationDate=1351131182000&cacheVersion=1&api=v2) file and add it as a Registry Resource. For instructions on how to create a Registry Resource, please refer to the [Create a Registry Resource]({{base_path}}/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-registry-resources/) Documentation. 

Reviewer 2: Shall we add this in the same doc space. may be in attachments.

9. Start the project in the WSO2 MI server.

    For instructions, go to [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) Documentation.

## Execute the sample

If you navigate to `http://localhost:9000/services/SimpleStockQuoteService?wsdl`, you can see the WSDL file of the backend server. There are five methods exposed externally, but the Proxy Service `StockQuoteProxy` exposes only four externally, filtering out the `getFullQuote` method. See the `StockQuoteProxy` WSDL file in `http://localhost:8290/services/StockQuoteProxy?wsdl`.

Send the following request to the above proxy service.

```
POST /services/StockQuoteProxy HTTP/1.1
Host: localhost:8290
soapAction: urn:getFullQuote
Content-Type: text/xml

<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/" xmlns:ser="http://services.samples" xmlns:xsd="http://services.samples/xsd">
   <soapenv:Header/>
   <soapenv:Body>
      <ser:getFullQuote>
         <ser:request>
            <xsd:symbol>WSO2</xsd:symbol>
         </ser:request>
      </ser:getFullQuote>
   </soapenv:Body>
</soapenv:Envelope>
```

## Analyze the output

> After sending the above message to the server, you'll get an internal server error as below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After sending the above message to the MI server, you'll receive an internal server error as below. 
```

```xml
<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/">
    <soapenv:Body>
        <soapenv:Fault xmlns:axis2ns4="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/">
            <faultcode>axis2ns4:Client</faultcode>
            <faultstring>The endpoint reference (EPR) for the Operation not found is /services/StockQuoteProxy and the WSA Action = urn:getFullQuote. If this EPR was previously reachable, please contact the server administrator.</faultstring>
            <detail/>
        </soapenv:Fault>
    </soapenv:Body>
</soapenv:Envelope>
```

> The reason for this error is that the `getFullQuote` method is not exposed to `StockQuoteProxy`, although the backend server supports it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason for this error is that the `getFullQuote` method is not exposed through `StockQuoteProxy`, even though the backend server supports it.
```
